README.md, before:

#  Wooyeol Lee

I am a senior undergraduate student majoring in computer science at Seoul National University in South Korea. Currently, I'm working as an research intern at Artificial Intelligence & Biomedical Informatics Lab advised by Prof. Kyungsu Kim.

My interests span artificial intelligence, bioinformatics, and robotics, focusing on high-impact technologies beyond research. I am passionate about developing innovative solutions and committed to continuous learning in emerging fields.

[![Wooyeol Lee's SNU mail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:wooyeol0519@snu.ac.kr)
[![Wooyeol Lee's LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wooyeol-lee-8933b9230/)
[![Wooyeol Lee's HomePage](https://img.shields.io/badge/HomePage-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white)](https://thisiswooyeol.github.io)
[![Wooyeol Lee's CV](https://img.shields.io/badge/CV-000000?style=for-the-badge)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1a3c83AHmkS0gEjvvQQQZKmw4nX8Si2gl/view?usp=drive_link)

<br/>

## Technical Skills
The following list showcases my technical skills, arranged in descending order of proficiency:

### For AI
* **Programming Languages**<br/>
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Clang](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Cpp](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
* **Core Frameworks & Libraries**<br/>
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch Lightning](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch%20Lightning-792DE4?style=for-the-badge&logo=lightning&logoColor=white)
![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ROS-22314E?style=for-the-badge&logo=ROS&logoColor=white) 
* **Etc.**<br/>
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Poetry](https://img.shields.io/badge/Poetry-%233B82F6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=poetry&logoColor=0B3D8D)
![Conda](https://img.shields.io/badge/conda-342B029.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white)
![Gnu Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU%20Bash&logoColor=white)
![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white)

### For Web/App Development
* **Programming Languages**<br/>
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
* **Core Frameworks & Libraries**<br/>
![ReactJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactJs-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)
![Next.JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)

### Now I am aming to learn... 
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)

<!-- TODO skills!!
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
+ JAX, Mojo language

* IF AVAILABLE *
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
-->


<!-- ![Wooyeol Lee's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thisisWooyeol&show_icons=true&rank_icon=github&theme=default) -->
[![Wooyeol Lee's GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=thisiswooyeol&theme=tokyonight-duo)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
<!-- [![Wooyeol Lee's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thisiswooyeol&size_weight=0.5&count_weight=0.5&langs_count=8&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight-duo)](https://github.com/thisisWooyeol) -->
<!-- [![Wooyeol Lee's GitHub profile summary](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=thisiswooyeol&theme=tokyonight-duo)](https://github.com/thisisWooyeol) -->



<!--
**thisisWooyeol/thisisWooyeol** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise personal introduction and research details
Updated personal information and research focus in README.

README.md, after:

#  Wooyeol Lee

I am an MS/Ph.D. student in the Department of Biomedical Sciences at Seoul National University in South Korea. Building upon my undergraduate foundation in computer science, I am continuing my research at the Artificial Intelligence & Biomedical Informatics Lab, advised by Prof. Kyungsu Kim.

My research is driven by the ultimate vision of developing a comprehensive biomolecular world model. Recognizing that the critical bottleneck in this domain is data, my primary focus is on resolving the challenges of data scaling. I focus on the acquisition, processing, and utilization of massive-scale, high-quality structural biology data. To build this robust data foundation, I am actively exploring advanced technologies, including Cryo-EM, to push the boundaries of structurally conditioned protein design and generative AI.

[![Wooyeol Lee's SNU mail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:wooyeol0519@snu.ac.kr)
[![Wooyeol Lee's LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wooyeol-lee-8933b9230/)
[![Wooyeol Lee's HomePage](https://img.shields.io/badge/HomePage-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=About.me&logoColor=white)](https://thisiswooyeol.github.io)
[![Wooyeol Lee's CV](https://img.shields.io/badge/CV-000000?style=for-the-badge)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1a3c83AHmkS0gEjvvQQQZKmw4nX8Si2gl/view?usp=drive_link)

<br/>

## Technical Skills
The following list showcases my technical skills, arranged in descending order of proficiency:

### For AI
* **Programming Languages**<br/>
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Clang](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![Cpp](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
* **Core Frameworks & Libraries**<br/>
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch Lightning](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch%20Lightning-792DE4?style=for-the-badge&logo=lightning&logoColor=white)
![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ROS-22314E?style=for-the-badge&logo=ROS&logoColor=white) 
* **Etc.**<br/>
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/GIT-E44C30?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Poetry](https://img.shields.io/badge/Poetry-%233B82F6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=poetry&logoColor=0B3D8D)
![Conda](https://img.shields.io/badge/conda-342B029.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white)
![Gnu Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/GNU%20Bash-4EAA25?style=for-the-badge&logo=GNU%20Bash&logoColor=white)
![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=latex&logoColor=white)

### For Web/App Development
* **Programming Languages**<br/>
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
* **Core Frameworks & Libraries**<br/>
![ReactJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactJs-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge)
![Next.JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)

### Now I am aming to learn... 
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/rust-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=rust&logoColor=white)

<!-- TODO skills!!
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
+ JAX, Mojo language

* IF AVAILABLE *
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=go&logoColor=white)
-->


<!-- ![Wooyeol Lee's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thisisWooyeol&show_icons=true&rank_icon=github&theme=default) -->
[![Wooyeol Lee's GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=thisiswooyeol&theme=tokyonight-duo)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
<!-- [![Wooyeol Lee's github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thisiswooyeol&size_weight=0.5&count_weight=0.5&langs_count=8&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight-duo)](https://github.com/thisisWooyeol) -->
<!-- [![Wooyeol Lee's GitHub profile summary](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=thisiswooyeol&theme=tokyonight-duo)](https://github.com/thisisWooyeol) -->



<!--
**thisisWooyeol/thisisWooyeol** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
